he said something to me that night that  i i thought that night by the pool where  i thought  jesus christ you know  um things like  [Music]  she's gonna  all she's got is her looks and  you know she has no talent and when her  tits start to sag  and her face gets wrinkly nobody is  going to be  interested in her  for anything and she's so she  you know better  like  to figure out another way to survive and  [ __ ] like that sorry pardon me things  like that  no i know that's shipping yeah well  there's always that you can write you  can write a book you can write a book oh  you know you're writing a book  oh is this going to be good for your  book oh  should i have  saying it now  um  he responded uh  [Applause]  coolly he  told me it's what i [ __ ] deserve and  i'd wake up every i wake up alone  um and that no one would ever love me  because  all of this pointing to my  face or body all of this was going to go  away nobody ever loved me and my sadness  would ever love me and i better get used  to waking up alone  um  and  he  said this is all my fault what i do what  i asked for but you're right i mean hey  at least i didn't do like  a tv show where i was hurt back  in my life god that would be like  embarrassing  if only i was with someone in their 50s  that could point that out to me imagine  mine  non-sexualized objects okay  wow  you're right you got you got nothing for  that  i don't even know what movie those  zombies you  what if anything  did mr depp tell you about  his struggles with drugs and alcohol he  told me that when he was very very young  like 13 or something he started  drinking and taking drugs i think or at  least drinking quite heavily he was even  kind of like  yeah it's crazy i know but i've been  doing it my whole life and built like a  tank and so that was kind of the nature  of the conversation um  and he told me that he had  [Music]  struggled with  ever not drinking or ever not doing  drugs and he would express  shame or regret about times that he had  been  inebriated to the point of falling down  or  embarrassing himself you know  urinating on himself things like that  over the course of those two years  mr deb  told me verbatim that he was addicted to  oxycontin  i wish i [ __ ] had i wish i [ __ ]  hadn't bought into any of your [ __ ]  lives your [ __ ] your sober [ __ ]  presence your [ __ ] goodness your  sweetness all the lies i wish i hadn't  bought into the months of you being you  i wish i hadn't bought  i wish i [ __ ] thought i could have  kids  in his relationships had experienced  great bouts of jealousy  in relationships that had that it also  led to a lot of drinking and a lot of  rage activities  he told me that that happened with  winona he told me that that happened  with  um  kate  and sorry winona ryder and kate moss he  told me that that had happened with  vanessa parody come on go be a real  married man who deals with your [ __ ] the  way that a man does go run to the next  house  every man does  go  run away i think it's hard  [ __ ]  ridiculous friend  panic [ __ ] clown  it's hard screwing everybody else a  little bit right  that's right  you've got everybody out here  and what if anything did mr depp say to  you about  his perception of  amber's role in him  becoming sober and clean  he expressed the number of times that he  felt like she was his leash  and she was holding him back from doing  what he wanted to do in terms of  substances and alcohol  when amber was in england  marilyn manson and paul bettany came  over at one point and there was  a great deal of cocaine and alcohol  involved um mr manson and  mr dapp  i chuck in a lot of cocaine mr depp  as far as i could see  always had a cigarette or a joint  in his mouth at all times  to the point where i was confused about  how he could function  he also showed me his  marijuana closet that had  tens and tens of pounds of  weed in him so i'm going to now take you  up to april 21  2016 your 30th birthday party  um will you please tell the jury what  happened that night at that time we had  like a fitting that day or the day  before and he missed it and he was kind  of disappearing at that time  like at night  um vaguely  saying like meetings he had meetings but  then he'd be gone for sometimes like two  days  i'm just not coming home and that sort  of thing coming home after a bender my  birthday was coming up and i or on my  birthday i said well you you gonna  make it to my my birthday party we had a  dinner planned at our penthouse  i said it would be important for me if  you if you made an objection hearsay he  uh told me at some point that day that  he had scheduled a business meeting or a  money meeting i think he said maybe  uh seven  which is around the time my birthday was  planned for it might have been planned  for 8 pm  of course  once my party was starting he wasn't  there um text me at some point to let me  know that he was going to make it but  that he was  running late  and that continued throughout my party  we finished dinner  and um  we were cleaning up and kind of everyone  was stealing leaving because we were  waiting for  him to give him an opportunity to show  up before it was before everyone left i  remember i remember being very careful  about how i worded what i was feeling  um about  my birthday and him having missed it  an argument  um followed that  uh i  um got up out of bed um  johnny's side of the bed was closer to  the door than mine  i remember blocking the door blocking me  to get out kind of shoving me down and  i had a you know a verbal argument  and then that became a shoving match i  tried to shove him back  um  i kind of felt myself retreat into the  into the bedroom at some point he  picked up a  like a large i guess it's a magnum size  not a normal size a large size bottle of  champagne and hurled it at me  this time it went through a painting  and  i loved this painting i remember just  went right through the canvas  left a giant hole in it  and  um  i'm never thinking we shouldn't have art  in our bedroom anymore  um  and  the fight the argument the fight  continued into the salon area which is  outside of our bedroom at the top of the  stairs  johnny picked up my phone i don't know  why  uh i don't remember what he was saying  when he did it but he picked up my phone  and threw it out of the open window of  the  salon area  uh out onto the street out onto the  downtown street that um this window  overlooked  uh in that moment i  i i went oh no you don't i saw his on  the counter top and picked it up and  threw his immediately like two seconds  later we were still screaming names at  each other and screaming at each other  and  i walk around the side of his desk and  the next thing i know he has me by the  hair he pulls me down kind of i hit the  side of the desk i remember things  flying off of the side of the desk that  that i hit with  with my body  um  i remember trying to  fight him off of me  at some point  were back in my my main bedroom  and uh it's my i believe i was getting  my toothbrush out of that bathroom and  uh when i came out we had another  shoving match but this one he kind of  like  i remember he chest bumped me  in this like bro way chest bumped me and  fell to the floor and when i got back up  he kind of  held me down by the shoulders down on  the side of the bed kind of held me um  wrestled me down on the bed i remember i  got up once or twice before i ended up  on the bed and he grabbed me  um did this thing that he did sometimes  when he taught me grabbing by the um  the pubic  bone pubic  area just  as best i can describe it as he kind of  just  pushed me down held me down by it and  kind of pulled me into it and um was  asked he was asking me and taunting me  and asked me if i if i thought it was so  [ __ ] tough i think you're such a  [ __ ] tough guy on are you so tough  now look who's so tough you want to be a  man  tough like a man now what if anything  did mr dapp say to you  about whether  he  wanted to become sober and clean  mr deb um  expressed to me that he wanted to get  sober for amber  that he didn't enjoy being sober  um  it wasn't fun  and that  it was distressing and exhausting  [Music]  and very hard to do  he didn't he really really  resented having to be sober  um  [Music]  yeah  he didn't want to be  both individually and socially  people only want to talk about the side  effects of drug addiction they want to  talk about the side effects for the  person getting high and they kind of  want to talk about  the side effects  for our society as a whole as if  the primary effect the desired effect as  if getting high itself as if getting  drunk itself  were not the problem  that we need to address in this same way  in this same wise for these same reasons  people focus almost entirely on drug  addiction amongst the poor  drug addiction amongst people who are  not wealthy enough to be able to conceal  the side effects who aren't wealthy  enough to be able to cope  with the side effects  and yes it is among the poor  that drug addiction is more easily  visible they are not wealthy enough  to conceal it now partly you can  visualize this just about living in an  apartment versus living in a mansion if  you live in a small apartment in an  apartment building your neighbors see  how they see you when you come and go  they see the number of empty bottles  going out in the recycling and they're  going to hear the noise through the  ceiling through the floor through the  thin walls that separate those  apartments as you're all clustered  together so yeah partly there's just  this  aspect of being able to afford the  privacy that lets you ruin your own life  without impacting others as a sort of  side effect  but partly also  people who have money  can employ others to assist them whether  that's the person who cleans the carpet  who cleans up your own pile of vomit you  know the person who takes your clothes  to the dry cleaner the person who takes  your kids to school when you're too  drunk or hungover to do it yourself  all the little caretakers and assistants  and secretaries that come together  to in effect enable your continued  addiction those people  conceal  your drug addiction  from the general public they conceal it  from the police and to some extent  those assistants can seal the nature of  drug addiction from the addict  himself from the addict herself the  person who's using drugs and alcohol  they can go on kidding themselves about  the extent to which they're still a  highly effective person they're still  living a normal sober life  because all these people are doing the  work of being a grown-up  for them  i feel that amber heard's position in  this  was  like a woman  trying to help a man  climb  out of quicksand  but part of her problem was that she  wasn't really standing  on a solid foundation  herself as much as she may have wanted  to  save the soul of johnny depp to rescue  him  from his lifelong drug addiction  she wasn't  100  sober she didn't really represent  a contrasting paradigm the way you need  to the way you must  as an absolute prerequisite  if you are going to represent sobriety  if you are going to preach  sobriety it's not enough to say  well i drink half as much alcohol as you  do so i'm gonna help you get a quarter  of the way there i'm gonna help you  catch up with me i'm gonna put out this  rope and help pull you  out of the quicksand  you have to be standing on a solid  foundation  of absolute sobriety  zero alcohol not less alcohol  zero  zero use of drugs  zero reliance  on mind altering substances  to modify your moods to cope with the  sorrows and struggles in your life zero  use of mind altering substances for  celebration for this sense of elation  so on and so forth  we can't really preach and promote  what we don't practice ourselves whether  that is on the most intimate scale of  the relationship of husband to wife  parent to child or whether that is on a  larger  political scale  of preaching  to hundreds of people to thousands of  people of trying to change on a massive  scale  society  as a whole  i think it was he said or she said  um  johnny thinks that  you and i together  defecated on his pillow  [Music]  i think the words were used were  um  [ __ ] on his pillow  so i started laughing  and i just i  i was laughing she was laughing  and when i realized that he was serious  i was like okay  look you know first of all  i wasn't there that day he came clomping  back down the stairs i heard like a  [Music]  noise and then the phone dropped  and um  she said to her  oh  you think i hit you  you think i [ __ ] hit you  what if i peel your [ __ ] hair back  [Music]  and then i heard the phone drop again  and then i heard her scream